Validation: description-missing fixes. (#242)
MicrosoftDocs/bingmaps-docs: BingMaps/v8-web-control/map-control-concepts/rest-services-examples/index.md

---
title: "REST Services Examples | Microsoft Docs"

> description: Describes the functionalities of the Bing Maps REST API services, and provides a list of Bing Maps REST services code examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Describes the Bing Maps REST services, accessed using GET requests with JSONP, with example code demonstrating how to implement using standard JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJS.
```
